all guys come to this
brand new video of call of duty black
ops black ops 2
we are in multiplayer on the map ai
jacket we are in the stone age is one
how we only have the gym
with the explosive darts or the dulls
first I make a church of gibuti and now
no comment I'll just explain that we have
a gym with many explosives e
this ballistic knife knife is a
but if we count someone with the tome
completely we zero it we remove them
all points therefore and did not
I want to reveal more and I would say good
vision
now as you can see I concentrate a few others
I hit the ballistic juice here
at the head, attention is precisely because
the gym not only so experienced and
when this sign comes out
obviously you are away in the summer
ray an explosive dart so you are
fuckin ' you did n't despair of living
you can also stab obviously and
it is the knife before dying careful
france ok just get excited yes no
continue to exalt us here we gather talk
because if a message is sent for
so accept the blows of the
knife knife I wanted so and now
someone shoots me but we run away from
ugly there are two fa for tom demark
bankrupt blow to the head pierces him
10 points when we hit it so it gives us only
5 points when we are against Rome
We realize this side of the bad start thread
not even I can not migiro knife
area
ok enough, however, he wrote it
bankruptcy precisely because we do not go into
bankrupt that bad thread it
I follow him I follow him the year I kill him here
with the gym and I'll kill the first one
however I die details details not max o
as you can see we are a bit of merit with the
first hour I will reach center I first
with holding this or 90 points now
we have one behind me that I don't
welcomed immediately and here we move like
retarded ok guys to resume
its ballistic knife from souvenirs
come and pay attention that you arrive
here's a palocco tried another tome
But I can't do it right here I was looking for
the 10 points and launches everything ok mi
fuck the aqim no but me but if serious
ooo I'll kill him after that after
death
attention ok here we come the series
mica from pro attention tomahawk bags
manure knife knife again who it is
agree and bloody bloodthirsty
furious killing and the court man
the bastard bastard wanted me hard
Italy but here I do not see on the radar that there
there is one that is going to drop me at
shoulders in fact are taken by surprise
ca n't manage to turn around in time
as you see 140 30 an infinite series of
toma or 150 40
you remember that the second was kind of not
I remember more than 100 110 but what was like that
been re-viewing the video 150 50
incredible guys here want to fuck me
cole tom hawk and he did it and humiliation
a gogò or not if you catch me here but caught me
series we are already serious
here I am but I miss it a lot and kill here
in fact , they screw you the china I miss
pollock and rocco scalo or gada
stronzo miros seems to hit me me
I go
I 'm not going the least leased
they hit I'm leaving 180 50 per second
here he stabbed me a bit of approach is
however, details like the sun here
backhoe 1, however, I do not notice now
in the video
here I notice him now milan search or ok
fuck you chose one evening
ok here
as you can see tomic launching like this
hunt here we are first get excited
ugly exalted guys cns rdn alex 185
55 second plus fewer deaths pious dome
that 0 humiliations this video will come in
be part of the new playlist that
while you will call or something with tomas
milian shares now let's see and not
guys what can I tell you about other good
I must say also for this video is everything
I hope you liked it
I have enjoyed like a whore ok us
boys from rd en alex is everything and also from
cryos so see you next
video I think will be on zombies hi a
all boys